Fix #18426 error when url route is empty in `yii\widgets\Menu` (#18429)
yiisoft/yii2: framework/CHANGELOG.md

- Enh #18394: Add support for setting `yii\web\Response::$stream` to a callable (brandonkelly)
- Bug #18406: Fix PDO exception when committing or rolling back an autocommitted transaction in PHP 8 (brandonkelly)
- Bug #18287: Fix the OUTPUT got SQL syntax error if the column name is MSSQL keyword e.g key (darkdef)

> - Bug #18426: Fixed error when url route is empty in `yii\widgets\Menu` (stevekr)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #18426: Fix check for route's leading slash in `yii\widgets\Menu` (stevekr)
```
